Add xip patch component (#2055)
kyma-project/kyma: components/xip-patch/README.md

# Istio Kyma patch

> 

Reviewer: XIP patch

Author: done

## Overview

> This application prepares Kyma's configuration to use wildcard xip.io DNS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This component configures Kyma to use a wildcard DNS provided by `xip.io`.
```

## Prerequisites

> This application must be run before istio-kyma-patch and after cluster-essentials..

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This component must be installed after `cluster-essentials` the component and before `istio-kyma-patch`.
```

## Usage

> Application cannot be configured via environmental variables.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can't configure this component through environment variables.
```

> The application:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This component performs the following actions:
```

>  1. Reads `istio-ingressgateway` Service's external address.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 1. Reads the external address of the`istio-ingressgateway` service. 
```

>  2. Sets `global.domainName` to `{ip address}.xip.io`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 2. Sets the **global.domainName** to `{IP_ADDRESS}.xip.io`.
```

>  3. Creates self-signed certificate for this domain.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 3. Creates a self-signed certificate for this domain.
```

>  4. Sets `global.tlsCrt` and `global.tlsKey` to contain created certificate.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 4. Sets the **global.tlsCrt** and **global.tlsKey** to use the created certificate.
```
